.TH "l2tpd.conf" "5" "" "Jean-Francois Dive" ""
.SH "NAME"
l2tpd.conf \- L2TPD configuration file
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The l2tpd.conf file contains configuration information for l2tpd, the implementation of l2tp protocol.

The configuration file is composed of sections and parameters. Each section
have a given name which will be used when using the configuration FIFO 
(normaly /var/run/l2tpd\-control). See l2tpd.8  for more details.

The specific given name 
.B default
will specifies parameters applicables for all the following sections.
.SH "GLOBAL SECTION"
.TP 
.B auth file
Specify where to find the authentication file used to authenticate
ppp sessions. The default is /etc/l2tp/l2tp\-secrets.

.TP 
.B Port
Specify which udp port l2tpd should use. The default is 1701.

.TP 
.B access control
If set to use, the l2tpd process will only accept connections from
peers addresses specified in the following sections. CHECK

.SH "LNS SECTION"
.TP 
.B exclusive
If set to yes, only one control tunnel will be allowed to be built
between 2 peers. CHECK

.TP 
.B (no) ip range
Specify the range of ip addresses the LNS will assign to the connecting
LAC PPP tunnels. Multiple ranges definitions is a legal configuration,
using the 'no' statement disallow the use of that particular range.
Ranges are defined using the format IP \- IP (expl: 1.1.1.1 \- 1.1.1.10)

.TP 
.B (no) lac
Specify the ip addresses of LAC's which are allowed to connect to l2tpd
acting as a LNS. The format is the same as the 
.B ip range 
option.

.TP 
.B hidden bit
If set to yes, the private AVP's will be used by l2tpd. To get more information
about hidden AVP's and AVP in general, refere to (FIXME)

.TP 
.B local ip
use the following ip as the l2tpd own ip address.

.TP 
.B lenght bit
If set to yes, the lenght bit present in the l2tp packet payload
will be used.

.TP 
.B (refuse | require) chap
Will require or refuse the remote peer to get authenticated via CHAP for the 
ppp authentication.

.TP 
.B (refuse | require) pap
Will require or refuse the remote peer to get authenticated via PAP for the 
ppp authentication.

.TP 
.B (refuse | require) authentication
Will require or refuse the remote peer to authenticate itself.

.TP 
.B unix authentication
If set to yes, /etc/passwd will be used for remote peer ppp authentication.

.TP 
.B hostname
Will report this as the l2tpd hostname in negociation.

.TP 
.B ppp debug
This will enable the debug for pppd.

.TP 
.B pppoptfile
Specify the path for a file which contains pppd configuration parameters
to be used.

.TP 
.B call rws
This does something FIXME

.TP 
.B tunnel rws
This does something FIXME

.TP 
.B flow bits
If set to yes, sequence numbers will be included in the communication.

.TP 
.B challenge
If set to yes, challenge authenticate peer (FIXME)


.SH "LAC SECTION"
The following are LAC specific configuration flags. Most of those
described in the LNS section may be used in a LAC context, where
it make common sense (essentially l2tp procotols tuning flags and
authentication / ppp related ones).

.TP 
.B lns
Set the dns name or ip address to the LNS to connect to.

.TP 
.B redial
If set to yes, l2tpd will attemps to redial if the call get disconected.

.TP 
.B redial timeout
wait X seconds before redial. The redial option must be set to yes
to use this option.

.TP 
.B max redial 
Will give up redial tries after X attempts.

.SH "FILES"

\fB\fR/etc/l2tp/l2tpd.conf \fB\fR/etc/l2tp/l2tp\-secrets 
\fB\fR/var/run/l2tpd\-control
.SH "BUGS"

Please address bugs and comment to l2tpd\-dev@l2tpd.org
.SH "SEE ALSO"

\fB\fRl2tpd(8)
.SH "AUTHORS"
Scott Balmos <sbalmos@iglou.com>
Jeff McAdams <jeffm@iglou.com>
David Stipp <dstipp@one.net>

Based off of l2tpd version 0.60
Copyright (C)1998 Adtran, Inc.
Mark Spencer <markster@marko.net>
